docs(README): clarify font requirements in the README (#1245)
nvim-neorg/neorg: README.md

For neovim beginners who don't want to tinker with the configurations:

> 1. Install one of the Nerd fonts, for example: [Meslo Nerd Font](https://github.com/ryanoasis/nerd-fonts/).

Reviewer: @refaelsh why mark this as resolved?

> 1. Install one of the Nerd fonts, for example: [Meslo Nerd Font](https://github.com/ryanoasis/nerd-fonts/).

Author: > @refaelsh why mark this as resolved?

I am sorry. What I mean is: "I agree with your proposed changes, they are better than mine".
I am not yet proficient with PR system in GitHub. At work with use something else.

> 1. Install one of the Nerd fonts, for example: [Meslo Nerd Font](https://github.com/ryanoasis/nerd-fonts/).

Reviewer: well then you could actually apply the changes 😄

> 2. Set your terminal font to the Nerd font you installed in the previous step.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Set your terminal font to the monospace variant of that font, for example "MesloLGM Nerd Font Mono".
```

The sample font name "MesloLGM Nerd Font Mono" should be kept here so that the user doesn't have to research on trivial things like that peculiar font name, which is the point of TL;DR.
